=pod

=head1 NAME

apache-log-stats - Extract statistics from apache log files, such as apache requests per second.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Usage: apache-log-stats [OPTION...] files

=over 8

=item apache-log-stat $(ls b2f*_ApacheAccess.2011-12-05.gz);

=item apache-log-stat b2f01_ApacheAccess.2011-12-05.gz b2f02_ApacheAccess.2011-12-05.gz;

=item cat b2f01_ApacheAccess.2011-12-05.gz | apache-log-stat;

=item zcat b2f01_ApacheAccess.2011-12-05.gz | apache-log-stat;

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

apache-log-stats - analyses apache log files and produces various statistics.

=head1 SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

You need Perl and some core packages that ought to be
installed in any reasonably new version of Perl.

=head1 DOWNLOADING

Visit L<https://github.com/ajohnstone/apache-log-stats> to download the
latest release of apache-log-stats.

=head1 AUTHORS

Andrew Johnstone <andrew@ajohnstone.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT, LICENSE, AND WARRANTY

This program is copyright 2012-2013 Andrew Johnstone.
Feedback and improvements are welcome.

THIS PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, version 2; OR the Perl Artistic License.  On UNIX and similar
systems, you can issue `man perlgpl' or `man perlartistic' to read these
licenses.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.

=head1 VERSION

apache-log-stats 0.1

=cut
